README.md, before:

# landing-page
Landing Page | Second Project | The Odin Project | Learning Web Development
## Description
This site showcases projects I’ve built while following The Odin Project curriculum and exploring modern web technologies.  
Started this site’s code with the Odin Project landing page exercise and expanded it into a full profile page. It contains my personal projects and social media links—feel free to use it as a template to create your own profile page.  
Thank you for visiting—every keystroke is a step forward on the journey to becoming a great developer!
## Note
This website is designed to be viewed on __desktop only__.
It is __not yet optimized for mobile devices__, so the content may appear misaligned or different on phones or tablets.

For the best experience, please view this site on a desktop browser at __100% zoom level__. Any other zoom level may cause the layout to appear incorrect.

## Attributions
### Website Layout & Style
- Website layout adapted from [The Odin Project Landing Page Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-landing-page)

Commit message:

Promote Discord server in README.md
Added a section and attached a link to ask any visitor to join my discord
server to chat or to ask anything.

README.md, after:

# landing-page
Landing Page | Second Project | The Odin Project | Learning Web Development
## Description
This site showcases projects I’ve built while following The Odin Project curriculum and exploring modern web technologies.  
Started this site’s code with the Odin Project landing page exercise and expanded it into a full profile page. It contains my personal projects and social media links—feel free to use it as a template to create your own profile page.  
Thank you for visiting—every keystroke is a step forward on the journey to becoming a great developer!
## [Discord](https://discord.gg/GFbCfBw36z)
Join my [Discord](https://discord.gg/GFbCfBw36z) community to ask questions, share ideas, or just hang out! Whether you’re stuck on a bug, curious about a new framework, or want to chat tech and anime, you’ll find me your fellow learners and developers ready to help. Hop in if on 100DaysOfCode challenges or for a fun conversations—your next “aha!” moment is just a message away.
## Note
This website is designed to be viewed on __desktop only__.
It is __not yet optimized for mobile devices__, so the content may appear misaligned or different on phones or tablets.

For the best experience, please view this site on a desktop browser at __100% zoom level__. Any other zoom level may cause the layout to appear incorrect.

## Attributions
### Website Layout & Style
- Website layout adapted from [The Odin Project Landing Page Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-landing-page)
